whoa host illusion reporting from summer
on Spaceship Earth
getting ready for this fine beautiful
morning I think I need sunglasses today
get my card trusty cardial socks on it's
that kind of day
I always find what I have my Cardiel
socks on it's a good day but anyway
we're gonna do this video because you
know we've been doing a little bit of
talking smack about the government
talking about vaccines talking about
babies
ever talked about skateboarding for a
while cuz you know I love to grind my
red curbs and pool coping and I got a
box here done open I'm done I'm done a
box on opening and a while from a
skateboard company so let's see what
have we got this is from I know Moncrief
up in a Camas Washington from sleepy
time distribution
sleepy time distribution what do we got
coming out of Washington uh uh
I need my trusty knife yeah he's gonna
have to sell for scissors scissors know
what happened to my trusty knife pump
thought the days of boxes were long gone
from the skateboarding world but here we
are hurt anthony van elgin got the cover
of trousers that's pretty bad should
just start doing up yeah but Terry
Rogers already does that let's see what
we got we got to do our own thing I got
paper you know eyes like some nice nice
paper and use that down at the woodshop
all right or the illusion from the
illusion to the illusion
all right off the bat it's called you
you skates yeah
you got these guys must be coming out of
the gates hot all right we got stickers
I want to be sticking a sticker right up
unless they could stick around on my
skate right now well I guess I can't I
guess I can't really stick a you skate
on the skid I got to set up a new skate
because it looks off I see escape back
in their letters best it's officially
tight peeps what up hey miss my name is
Noah Munck creep I'm a 16 year old
skateboarder from the state of
Washington and the huge delusion fan I
own and operate you skateboards my dad
who is a big skater in the 80s up in
Canada to help me start new skates
skateboards and has now been around for
just over a year I believe in excitement
having fun inspiration a commitment to
yourself and most importantly to live
like you about six months ago I lost a
very good friend of mine London to a
drunk driving car accident up heavy
twist London that's a cool name London
was a full of passion and dedicated as
passing truly took a beating on me
mentally and emotionally since then I
have life with a different perspective
your video so it helped me wrap up my
life around this crazy thing we call
life and I'd like to thank you for
hooking me up with some you goodies I
choose the Portland board because I know
how much you love the Burnside yes I do
and the whole Portland skate scene hi
Portland man nice got a stop and pause I
also threw in a t-shirt from my buddy
Mike company called
oh my skateboards we support one another
and have recently formed a distribution
company to help our brands grow I have
board stock and daddy's board shop CCS
calm and some local shops in Portland
the Southwest Washington area area all
right I hope you enjoy the package keep
spreading all right nan look me out I
got a couple emails about the video I
made the other day this is the answer to
the nonsense that's going on in our
country right now start your own dreams
take responsibility for yourself
man take responsibility for yourself and
rest in peace London that's gnarly when
we lose a bro but sounds like Noah has
turned a negative into a positive after
he went through the dark tunnel man and
that's it he says it right here dude
most importantly to have fun inspiration
and commitment to yourself commitment to
yourself that's what this is all about
ah yeah oh my I dig that
oh my and I like what I really like is
these two dudes aren't in competition
with each other helping each other out
that's what we're all supposed to do me
on we're all supposed to be helping each
other's brands out now and here it is
dude
hmm look at that cute if you don't know
this is a huge Portland landmark and I
on Burnside there 503 that's sick dude
dude that is a treasured board man
that's beautiful eight to five you
skateboard
dude these guys have got it going on I'm
stoked I needed the paper today too
it's a good box that is a beautiful deck
man it's simple that's not all crazy
beautiful little graphic dedicated to
Portland well I know I'm Ellen you just
got my day super pumped super pumped I
dig this t-shirt it's pretty psychedelic
all right like that's it man I'm gonna
put the link down below let's keep our
talons out let's take responsibility for
ourselves and let's make our dreams
happen know us sixteen years old making
things happen up there and I up there in
Washington did 16 bro look at that
that's the real deal so on you
skateboards dot-com and oh my
skateboards and they got their
distribution company which is called
sleep
time distribution Noah thank you
rest in peace London let's all take
responsibility for ourselves and live
the dream to the fullest
yeah that's rad